oop-object_independence-medium-q5 (#675)
canvas-gamification/canvas-gamification-junit-tests: src/oop/object_independence/medium/q5/QuestionText.md

# oop-object_independence-medium-q5

## Question Info

- Question type: Parsons

## Question Text

Your friends are interested in betting on which team wins the Stanley Cup this year. Make a program called **Team**
where you keep track of the teams in the league and the games they have won as attributes whose values are initialized
in the constructor.

### Team Class

Your `Team` class must have the following items:

- Attributes:
    - A `String` called **name**
    - An `int` called **totalWins**
    - Note that neither of these attributes should be visible from another class

- Constructors:

>     - A single constructor with parameters of a `String` and an `itn` that initialises the **name** and

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - A single constructor with parameters of a `String` and an `int` that initializes the **name** and
```

      **totalWins** attributes
    - This constructor should be visible from another class

- Methods:
    - a `getTotalWins` method which is accessible from other classes and returns the **totalWins** attribute
    - a `setTotalWins` method which accepts an `int` value, updates the **totalWins** attribute with it,
      and is accessible from other classes
    - a `toString` method which returns a String of the information about the `Team` class of the form

>       `"Team " + name + " has won " + totalWins + " games"` and is visible from other classes.

Reviewer: change this to be the x y formatting for consistency

# oop-object_independence-medium-q5

## Question Info

- Question type: Java

### Question Text

Your friends are interested in betting on which team wins the Stanley Cup this year. Make a program called **Team** 

> where you keep track of the teams in the league and the games they have won as attribute.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
where you keep track of the teams in the league and the games they have won as attribute using the description below.
```

### Team Class

Your `Team` class must have the following items:

- Attributes:
    - A `String` called **name**
    - An `int` called **totalWins**
    - Note that neither of these attributes should be visible from another class

- Constructors:
    - A single constructor with parameters of a `String` and an `int` that initializes the **name** and
      **totalWins** attributes
    - This constructor should be visible from another class

- Methods:
    - a `getTotalWins` method which is accessible from other classes and returns the **totalWins** attribute
    - a `setTotalWins` method which accepts an `int` value, updates the **totalWins** attribute with it,
      and is accessible from other classes
    - a `toString` method which returns a String of the information about the `Team` class of the form
      `"Team x has won y games"`, where x is the value of **name** and y is the value of **totalWins**,
      and is visible from other classes.

>     - Note that all setter methods must not return any value

Reviewer 2: As there is not multiple setter methods, I would just add this point to the setter method description.
